docs/spec/non-isa/supervisor-binary-interface.mdx, before:

---
title: Supervisor Binary Interface Specification
id: sbi
hide_table_of_contents: true
pdf: /pdf/riscv-sbi_v2.pdf
---

The RISC-V Supervisor Binary Interface, allows supervisor-mode (S-mode or VS-mode) software to be portable across all RISC-V implementations by defining an abstraction for platform (or hypervisor) specific functionality. The design of the SBI follows the general RISC-V philosophy of having a small core along with a set of optional modular extensions.

| RISC-V Community | Source Repository |
| :--------------- | :---------------- |
| [Privileged Software Horizontal Committee](https://lists.riscv.org/g/privileged-software) | [riscv-non-isa/riscv-sbi-doc](https://github.com/riscv-non-isa/riscv-sbi-doc/) |

### History

| Version | Description | Published | Updated | |
| :-----: | :---------- | :-------: | :-----: | :--- |
| 3.0.0 | Adds PMU event information and base event type; new extensions for MPXY, DBTR, FWFT, and SSE; additional error codes; and clarifications in the set_timer function and IPI and RFENCE error codes. | July 2025 | | [PDF](https://developer.riscv.org/pdf/riscv-sbi_v3.pdf) |
| 2.0.0 | Adds a debug console, system suspend, nested acceleration, steal-time accounting, PMU snapshot, and various error codes; relaxed counter width requirements on PMU firmware counters; reserved space for firmware events;  and clarified several extensions. | January 2024 | | [PDF](https://developer.riscv.org/pdf/riscv-sbi_v2.pdf) |
| 1.0.0 | Initial release | May 2022 2024 | | [PDF](https://developer.riscv.org/pdf/riscv-sbi_v1.pdf) |

<PDF download= {frontMatter.pdf} title= {frontMatter.title} >
</PDF>

Commit message:

initial commit of changes requested by jeff.

docs/spec/non-isa/supervisor-binary-interface.mdx, after:

---
title: Supervisor Binary Interface Specification
id: sbi
hide_table_of_contents: true
pdf: /pdf/riscv-sbi_v2.pdf
---
# RISC-V Supervisor Binary Interface Specification

The RISC-V Supervisor Binary Interface, allows supervisor-mode (S-mode or VS-mode) software to be portable across all RISC-V implementations by defining an abstraction for platform (or hypervisor) specific functionality. The design of the SBI follows the general RISC-V philosophy of having a small core along with a set of optional modular extensions.

Version 3.0 adds PMU event information and base event type; new extensions for MPXY, DBTR, FWFT, and SSE; additional error codes; and clarifications in the set\_timer function and IPI and RFENCE error codes.

Version 2.0 added a debug console, system suspend, nested acceleration, steal-time accounting, PMU snapshot, and various error codes; relaxed counter width requirements on PMU firmware counters; reserved space for firmware events;  and clarified several extensions.

*Latest version: 3.0    Date: July 2025*

[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RHY5Gj0cDSrY5BlK6pGblZt03fDRF2-g/view?usp=drive_link)

# **Details**

| RISC-V Community: | [Privileged Software Horizontal Committee](https://lists.riscv.org/g/privileged-software) |
| :---- | :---- |
| **Source:** | [riscv-non-isa/riscv-sbi-doc](https://github.com/riscv-non-isa/riscv-sbi-doc/) |

# **History**

All published versions of the specification are listed below from newest to oldest.

| Version | Publish Date | View |
| :---- | :---: | :---- |
| 3.0 | July 2025 | [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RHY5Gj0cDSrY5BlK6pGblZt03fDRF2-g/view?usp=drive_link) |
| 2.0.0 | January 2024 | [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U2kwjqxXgDONXk_-ZDTYzvsV-F_8ylEH/view?usp=drive_link) |
| 1.0.0 | May 2022 | [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LdnP5dDyc8wqLPujUqH8hIiTGKndujng/view?usp=drive_link) |
